# Giphy-Project

For this project we were asked to create a themed GIPHY page, that would call gif images from the Giphy site, had button options pre-set to provide 10 gifs on a topic when clicked on, and using an AJAX call to use the provided API from Giphy.  Also, there needed to be an option for the user to input another search term into a text box to add a button to the screen, and then use that term in a giphy search to add to the top of the page.  Coding the HTML and css was more on the easier side as there was not much body to the page, but the jQuery and AJAX calls were definitely more complicated.  Using our past exercises from class, I was able to layout the adding of buttons and the classes and attributes that went along with them, but the most difficult part for me was the appending the 'rating' and the 'gif' to the page.  I sat with Aaron after class Monday, and we basically just re-wrote the code I had, and go it working.  Most likely there was a small typo or something that we could not find.

Then the other difficulty I found was laying out the gifs in an easier to read layout (in a table or gallery form), and then the pausing and playing the gifs on click.  Basically I was able to have the gif appear on screen either animated or still, but the clicking to alternate was not working, even though when I inspected the gif added to the screen - I was able to see that it was calling both the normal gif and the still gif url.  After talking after class with Bryan, he was able to show me where the confusion was in the jQuery code (adding the <div> class in with the document.on("click"), and I was able to correct it from there.  Then we also talked about wrapping the entire <div> I made into a larger <div>, so that I was able to edit the layout and look of the called gifs with my CSS also.  Other than that, I added the gif title (to add in a bonus step of grabbing another meta information from the gifs), and added code in the HTML <meta> tag so the page would be responsive on all size screens. 